the last Pedley and california chrome
california chrome loaded the signals are
given starter at the button gates are
back racing in the debye World Cup candy
boy and if a fillet is slow to move ho
Kotar am I came out quickly Africans
story fast away Lea's third California
chrome going the fourth on the outside
of long river two links away if a fan a
a wonder side glance candy boy is second
last and prince-bishop being hustled in
the early part of dropped out to the
rear as the cup field makes the turn to
the back with 1500 meters left to go in
Japan's ho coat anime leads by 3/4 of a
length African story seconds long river
three-quarters of a length away third
ahead the California chrome he's four
deep into the back past the 1300 meters
mark Lee on the fence three-quarters of
a length to FF Anaya wonder side glance
on the inside of candy boy and two and a
half lengths to prince-bishop 400 meters
in twenty five point six eight hundred
meters in forty nine point four and down
the back of the track huh coated am i
buy three parts of a length to African
story California Chrome's a length away
he's third he's traveled wide from the
word go Leah's fourth long river under
pressure prince-bishops making ground
he's running on from the back then candy
boy if a fan a Aaron side-glance had
dropped out to the rear ho coat LMI a
half length in front of african story
cattle of fornia chrome has loomed up
three deep ly behind them prince-bishop
as deep around as they turn the corner
KOCO Tara Mae in front of California
chrome and prince-bishop on the outside
lays into the clear he'll have to give
them two lengths prince-bishop in front
with 250 meters left to go
prince-bishops got away from california
chrome then hook go Tara my and Lee but
it's the Prince Prince Bishop and
William Bullock Prince
Bishop is clear and prince-bishop wins
the 20th to buy world cup prince-bishop
has beaten California chrome and third
was Lee then candy boy ho coat alibi
African story long river side glance and
FF Anaya came in last of all in the
debye World Cup of 2015